docs: :memo: add workflow for making and merging stacked PRs (#239)
seedcase-project/team: how-we-work/admin.qmd

feature and the accompanying tests or a bug fix. This way, if we
accidentally introduced a bug, it would be easy to reverse that change.

### Stacked PRs

> When a PR is stacked, the process for merging is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a stacking PRs, the process for merging is:
```

1.  Wait until all PRs in the stack are reviewed and approved.
2.  Starting from the top of the stack, do a merge commit along with
    renaming the title to indicate it is a merge commit, as described
    above. The merge commit is used to maintain a link to the previous

>     PR (otherwise a rebase would remove that link).

Reviewer: Good point!

> 3.  Finally, squash the base PR into main.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Finally, squash the base PR into `main`.
```
